When I was in high school, around 2001, the teacher of computer science told me and a few
students that we wanted to build a website for the school. Over that time, in Cuba, we didn't
have to many computers and that was a hole new world for us. The students selected, including me,
were very excited about that.

We where delighted of what we were capable to do with only writing a few words in a text document
saved with a different extension. Over time the teacher showed us new things that we could do,
such as: marquee, change the color on the text, background, among others. This is what made me get
into the world of computers.

After that I went to a technician school in computer science and started studying computer science
as a professional career. All was not so easy of course, my first milestone was with a subject
called Programming II, we studied Delphi at that time. It was really hard for me to passed that
subject. I really don't know if it was the teacher or if it was me, but I barely understood
something.

When I graduated, I started working as a technician trainee. One year later, I started my Bachelors
Degree in Computer Science at nights while I was working. When I started the coding classes, I met
a professor, that 6 years later, he became in my theses mentor. Nowadays I owe him all coding I know,
and thanks to him a became in a Computer Science Engineer.

But becoming a Computer Science Engineer was not so easy as I told you before. There were a lot of
milestones too. The first one, was with a subject called: "Data Structured", were we learned how
to code in C++: "lists, trees and graphs". I suspended that subject once, and I had to sing up
for it again. Also I had others milestones, but were with different subjects; such as: physics,
among others.

When you think that your are done, that your are not going to have any more troubles in your life,
there always is something else. My biggest and final milestone in my career was my thesis. After
6 years of hard studying, without no strength to keep fighting I had to complete a final project
for my graduation. Those 6 months were really stressful for me, running against the time and perfection.

And this is my developer story.
